we need really versatile pieces of
equipment for what we're doing because
we're using loaders as as loadouts and
stockpiled machines and at the face
we're using them just for what they're
designed for it and they're engineered
well right now we're running a 400 we've
got a 450 and a 500 and then we also
have a 3/4 TDX excavator I'd rate them
as high as any any machines out there
typical day load several trucks a day
pushing material into bins
I even sort material with a with a
grapple and stuff like that it's
comfortable cab good heat
air-conditioning just you know all the
good things
another thing I like about it's the high
lift capability coming over these open
top trailers and still have room to go
and be able to completely dump I've
never experienced that before we have
three hydraulic loaders and we've had
very very good luck with those machines
ever since we got them in one year we
put almost 5000 hours on a machine
considering there's only 2,000 working
hours we're working long days and double
shift in yet the machine is very fuel
efficient structurally it's it's a sound
machine those steel plates that go out
to the hinge joints it's some big heavy
chunk of steel simple in design but it
works very very well the loader sees at
least six hours and sometimes twelve
hours of use every day but every day
seven days a week 365 days a year and
the loader has not let us down you know
cold mornings hot days it just rubs we
didn't know much about the Doosan when
we first gotten into him
it was kind of let's try it type thing
and it panned out great for us for value
and in the power and what we were doing
with the
machines it's you know overall it's the
best machine that we found on the market
I mean we're in demo and we work them
hard and and they stand up to what we're
doing you know it's a great machine for
the bulk of my general work the DX 2 to
5 is a 24-ton class machine and it's the
excellent size for all general of work
the operation of it it's very
comfortable it's very easy to run it's
just a great fit and it just really has
worked well for me
we're scrap metal processor we have a
loose on excavator with this year and we
use it to process some of the bigger
items high beams we share them make them
into shorts to I would say the scrap
industry is probably the harshest
industry for a piece of equipment
anywhere I worked on machines 810 hours
a day in the harshest environment I mean
we punished I expected the big durable I
run away machines for 10,000 hours the
durability I've got over 7,000 hours now
and it just runs great it has a power
the weight the balance it is an
excellent design to machines I've
already got over 20,000 hours long I'm a
third one I've had for three years and
had no major issues whatsoever end of
story
Doosan is known for doing what they do
and doing it well and I think that says
a lot for the fact the machines are just
playing well built and reliable if you
were to take the Doosan name off it and
just run the loader you'd find a machine
that would be comparable to any other
machine you would find and probably even
better and then you put the Doosan name
on it with the guarantee behind it where
you can get your parts within 48 hours
definitely it improves your confidence
you know in the manufacturer and in your
dealer that you know if you do have a
breakdown which everyone has breakdowns
you're gonna get the parts you need in a
three
we got very good dealer support and in
our area when we need something they're
right there that's one of the most
important things when you buy a machine
if you don't have the support we count
on all our machines with them even a
parts guarantee is it's very important
that you're not gonna get hung out there
my experience with the local dealer and
the parks and the service customer
support troubleshoot many issues and
convincing the manufacturers saying he's
gonna be committed then I know I can
always get parts any time it was piss of
mind and that that comes into play I've
had other machines where I've had
something break down and you have to
wait for it to get shipped around the
world you know sometimes the cost of a
part or the cost of shipping
there's nothing compared to the downtown
you know and as far as value I think
it's as good at values you can fight
with you're buying a wheel loader
it makes them you know a logical choice
but the thing is to know that you have a
company that's been around as plan and
I'm being robbed you have to run what's
gonna work for you
and what makes you money every time I
talk to a guy driving the other yellow
equipment they always sit there and say
oh but you don't get your money back I
don't buy stuff to resell it I buy it to
run it all of that just is huge in a
decision when you buy a machine so why
not buy a machine from a company like
that they're committed to their product
you know they'll be here ten years from
now they know what they're doing
you